The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2018 UMONS

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

DOCUMENTATION

There are 4 possible entry points in this code :
- train.py
- demo.py
- print_analyze.py
- sample.py

TRAIN.PY
This file is used to train new models.
You train them only one by one.
The saved directory contains a list of preprocessed files that will be used back when analyzing or generating results.

DEMO.PY
If you have already models, you can use them all in once in this file

PRINT_ANALYZE.PY
To have some statistical analysis about the model you've just trained, print_analyze will help you.
It will give you some informations about the results generated by the model.

SAMPLE.PY
Basic example with only one model supported.

The other files are the following :
- beam.py and model.py are core files for machine learning
- utils.py loads the data and translate it into a machine-readable format
- writer.py searches a good result to output.
    It uses generators to produce the required style and check analyzers to know if the result is good enough.
- analyzers.py is a class wrapper to enable or disable analysis tools used in print_analyze.
    The Analyzer class deals with only one model while Analyzers can support several models at the same time
- generators.py is a class wrapper for generating results with several models loaded
    Pay attention to the fact that a generator generates a certain amount of tokens (not words !)
- stats.py contains the detailed implementation of the statistic tools used in analyzers
- tokenizer.py helps in transforming the data into tokens for the learning. The whitespace is used as a delimiter.
    On the other side, there is a "repair" function to get words back from the generated tokens.
    The defined regular expressions try to be useful for every english texts.

About the data and save folders :
At first time, a new trained model should load information from data.
The files in data remained unchanged and no new files are created.
After that, the preprocessed files are saved in the save file.
Therefore, all the information should be in the save folder.
Data folder is only used as a starting point.